I can try to debug why the program is so slow by removing all of the other things in the draw_landmarks_on_image function but still keeping the return statement
(tried this)

Maybe the documentation on that google website is just old or something. Using something like mp.solutions.hands seems to work better and is even what chatGPT suggested

Follow dimensions on docs in frame size. 
(I think the numbers that were on the page were just the neural network sizes)

Test gesture recognizer model. Create own model with mediapipe model maker.
(Gonna do this)

Other things I can do to make my code better:
GPU acceleration
Paralell processing
Skip some frames for processing.

(Skipping frames is something I can try, parallell processing or GPU acceleration might be too hard)

The detect async method has an additional argument for image processing options, however the only options are to crop the image or rotate it 90 degrees in a direction.

The visualization of the program might make the program lag but might not be laggy in of itself when looking at for example print statements for data.


I want to test the program but because the mediapipe-model-maker library uses an older version of Python some other things like tensorflow or something don't work and
I can't use the library.

One Github issue made said that a dependency that mediapipe-model-maker requires which is like tensorflow text or something stopped receiving support for windows.
There is a complicated workaround for Windows that might work but maybe I should try to see if it works on Arch Linux.
Another thing that I could do is to install the packages in a virtual environment or use WSL.

Installing in a virtual environment in Arch Linux made it work with python 3.10

I managed to create a model that works but the first time I tried it didn't
and the second time where I did the exact same thng it suddenly worked.
The third time I tried to make the model it didn't work again
I think this could have to do with that I'm not using a fresh directory each time or something.
I should try updating the system first though.